1.Assignment: Some questions about these readings
This assignment is divided into three parts. Please submit all your answers in one document.

Gini Coefficient
What is the Gini coefficient in your country? Is there a country that has a more fair income distribution? Which country do you think is more "fair?" Your answer should be between 100 and 200 words.

Learning About Imperialism
Did you learn anything from these? If so, what? Was there something you disagreed with? Which side should India should have been on during World War II? Your answer should be between 50 and 100 words.

(*note* Feel free to go a bit longer if you really want to do so.)

Your Recommendations for ThoughtWorks
We are interested in hearing your recommendations for TWU. What short videos, articles, movies, etc. would be good for TWU?



2.Assignment: Biblioteca Release 2
The Bangalore Public Library is quite happy with the first release of Biblioteca. Time for us to move on to the next release! This release of Biblioteca needs to have two major features:

User Stories
List Movies - As a customer, I would like to see a list of available movies, so that I can browse for a movie that I might check-out. Movies have a name, year, director and movie rating (from 1-10 or unrated).
Check-out Movie - As a customer, I would like to check out a movie from the library, so I can enjoy it at home.
User Accounts - Login - As a librarian, I want to know who has checked out a book, so that I can hold them accountable for returning it. Users must now login using their library number (which is in the format xxx-xxxx) and a password in order to check-out and return books. User credentials are predefined, so registering new users is not part of this story.
User Accounts - User information - As a customer, I want to be able to see my user information (name, email address and phone number), so that I know that the library can contact me. This option should only be available when the customer is logged in and should only display that customer¡¯s information.
Technical Requirements
All the code must be developed using TDD
Biblioteca still needs to be a console application 
We do not need a database for this release
Assignment Setup
This assignment just builds upon the work you did for the first assignment. Continue to work on the same codebase. A new setup is not required.

Submission Guidelines
Once you complete the assignment, submit the final revision number of your repository by clicking on the 'Add Submission' button at the bottom of this page, and enter the information in the textbox that appears. Once the GEL evaluates your submission and provides you feedback, remember to update your codebase to reflect it.